 There's no quiz, no quiz this week, no quiz this week. Enjoy the midterm in the other class.
 Okay? And I'm also, I need to look at the schedule, right? You know whether we allow for the quiz, okay?
 If there's no quiz, we do have time for quiz, but I'd like to change the way of this, okay?
 I put a decision on probably on Thursday, right?
 So don't worry. So this week, enjoy the other class midterm, okay?
 All right, so on the last day, we learned the just-like regression model, right?
 We simply completed the topic, the basic, right?
 So let's do a review question. We need to do a proof foundation, right?
 Yep, so we get a question, you do, right? Okay.
 All right, I'm going to look at the description.
 Suppose you are our data analyst as a company that sells customer electronics online.
 It's a sale, right? It's a sale company, right, you know? Okay, selling stuff online.
 The marketing team wants to increase the sale efficiency, effectively,
 efficiently by identifying which customers are more likely to make a purchase.
 You know, just like Amazon, right? You know, sometimes when you log in, Amazon, right,
 you can track the IP address, you can track how long you have been looking for the website, right?
 All right, so the company has historical data on thousands of customers,
 including the amount of money spent on marketing for the customer.
 Now, you know what my marketing, Amazon is selling marketing, right, you know?
 If the customer logged in the website, right, okay, you can have an advertisement, you know what I'm saying, right?
 Say if you search for an item, right, you can have some special advertisement for this customer, right?
 Say you're looking for, I don't know what you're looking for, looking for a computer, let's say a computer, right?
 So it will show relative advertisement for computer, right?
 Say you're looking for a laptop, a desktop, or all the other accessories, this is what I'm saying, right?
 This is called amount of money spent on marketing for this particular customer, is it really not?
 It's a payment advertisement, right? Just like, you know, go to Amazon, go to YouTube, probably go to Google, right, you know?
 The number of months the customer has been with the company.
 And I said, right, when you log into Amazon, right, they can track your IP address, they can get most of the information if you like.
 So then we know how long the customer has been spent with the company. Does this make sense to you?
 Right, the data set is downloaded from this line, so we're going to extract the data, right?
 And the data set is downloaded from this line, you click the link, right?
 Okay, type the link on the browser, you'll get the data set.
 The objective is to predict whether a customer will make a purchase or not, based on the thought predictor.
 First, marketing spending, as I said, right, you know, is the amount of money spent on marketing for the customer.
 Second, customer money, the number of months the customer has been with the company, right?
 So we're going to answer the rest of the question based on the data set. Does this make sense to you?
 So far so good?
 Click forward, now.
 So let's get the data set, okay, saved on the computer, and then use R, we're going to fit the model to data.
 So let's get the data set first.
 So let me go over to the browser, I'm going to do that, right?
 Yeah, that's okay.
 All right, first of all, I want to load the data.
 Load the data from the link to R. How to do that?
 All right, so let me get the address of the file.
 So call file, address, equal to, you don't have to follow my code, okay, you can follow your way to load the data.
 You don't have to follow me, is that clear or not?
 So that's the link to the data, right?
 I copy the link.
 This is the link of the file, you guys see that?
 So I save the link, okay, to an object called file address.
 All right, these objects contain the address of the file, does that make sense to you?
 Now I need to use the read.csv function that read the data from this file and load into R, is that clear?
 All right, so let's say read.csv, all right, the function, take the file address and then save it into my data.
 So far so good, so many want this to lie?
 By the way, you don't have to follow my way, you can use your way to read the data, is that clear or not?
 Yeah, no problem, okay, let me type the data.
 Let me take the first few lines of the data, right?
 Looks pretty good, so the three column, first is called marketing spending, right?
 Next is called customer, is that the same one?
 You get the same data?
 So the first row, right?
 Customer, 10 years, month, and purchase.
 Purchase take two value, either one or zero.
 Zero means the customer make no purchase.
 Before, okay, make no purchase, what means customer make purchase, is that clear?
 Okay, do you need more time to read the data and load into R?
 No problem?
 Do you need more time?
 Are we okay?
 All right, now we're going to read the question.
 Okay, state the logistic regression model that describes the relationship between the predictors, the two, right?
 Okay, customer spending and customer month, and purchase probability.
 All right, so we know we're going to use the logistic model, right?
 Now there are two ways to state the model.
 All right, first we get model.
 Okay, that's the point, right?
 P, be the purchase probability, right?
 Okay, customer make a purchase.
 All right, let's see.
 And X, it's X1 by the way, okay?
 X with a spanning, right?
 X spanning, the amount of money spent on marketing for a customer.
 And X month, be the number of month a customer has been with the company.
 So here's the logistic model.
 We say log or long of P, P over 1 minus P,
 equals to the interest at A plus B1 plus B for marketing, also spanning,
 times X spanning of P for month, times X for month.
 So what's so good?
 That's the model, right?
 How we relate the model to P with a list of predictors, is that clear?
 Now let's just get in my right.
 The log of P over 1 minus P is called log art of making a purchase.
 So that's good.
 That makes sense to you, right?
 This one here is called log art of making a purchase.
 That makes sense to you?
 Or you can say it.
 Now you can relate this model as P equal to E to the power of the linear predictor, right?
 The linear predictor term over 1 plus E to the power of the linear predictor term.
 So it should be a linear function of predictor.
 Where the linear function of predictor is given by
 A plus B for spanning, times spanning plus B for month, times the month.
 Good?
 Are you going to follow?
 Any questions so far?
 No problem, right?
 No problem.
 We're going to fit the logistic regression model to the data and get the regression output.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Alright, back to R.
 Okay, first we're going to get all the data, right?
 Now, once the data has been loaded into R, we need to know the names of all variables, right?
 How do we do that?
 Well, we use the name function, names of my data.
 Alright, there are three variables.
 One is a marketing spanning.
 Two is a customer month.
 The last one is purchase.
 We remember the name, okay?
 Okay, we remember the name first, okay?
 So let's set the predictor.
 Set the predictor, okay?
 So X with spanning is marketing spanning, right?
 I can say my data dollar marketing spanning.
 So I want to extract marketing spanning from my data and save it into X spanning, which is also good.
 The other one is X month, right?
 I want to get the number of months from my data, right?
 Okay, my data, dollar, customer, 10 years, month.
 So far so good.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Yeah, no problem?
 Now, you don't have to do this step, by the way.
 It's just easy to remember the name, right?
 You know?
 I mean, I know in 410, right?
 It's up to you.
 You don't have to follow my way, okay?
 Right, then we have to set up the response variable.
 The response variable.
 That's okay, right?
 It's whether a customer makes a purchase.
 Okay, so Y is purchase, right?
 My data, you have to extract purchase from my data.
 Now one more thing you have to do, right?
 Now if you simply look at the data of Y,
 they give you a whole bunch of ones and zeros, right?
 Now, at this point, R tweets Y as a numerical variable.
 It's just a number, one or zero, right?
 But when you fit the regression model,
 we have to make sure this is a kind of numerical variable.
 Is that right?
 We have to make sure this is a kind of numerical variable.
 How to do that?
 We have to use the factor function, right?
 That converts a numerical variable to a categorical variable with two categories.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Okay, so that's okay, okay?
 So, do you have a factor function?
 I apply the factor function on purchase.
 I'll give you one again.
 Alright, now, let's type Y again.
 Now, it's the same as before, nothing going to change, except one thing different.
 At the end, you see levels, levels, the two levels, right?
 Zero and one.
 Now we can see that, right?
 Y becomes a categorical variable with two categories or two levels, right?
 Now, more importantly, what's the last category?
 It's one, right?
 One, is that right?
 One represents a customer with a purchase.
 This is the event you want to predict its outcome, is that right?
 This is the event of interest, is that right?
 Now, when you fit the logistic regression model,
 R will tweak the second level as the set.
 Does that make sense to you?
 R, we tweak the second level as the set as the event of interest.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Make sure what is the second level.
 If not, you have to re-level, okay?
 I'll show you how to do that.
 Or add chart GDP, I'm sure you can do it for you, right?
 But you have to pay attention, okay?
 So, what's so good?
 Are you going to follow?
 Do you need more time?
 Okay.
 All right, if everyone's ready, now I'm going to fit the regression model.
 Fit the logistic regression model.
 The function we use to fit the logistic regression model is called GLM.
 G stands for generalize, L stands for linear, and M stands for model.
 Put GLM, right?
 You put Y, two down.
 Now, this time we have two predictors, right?
 We'll say X spanning plus X month.
 Two, okay?
 Not just one.
 As well, you have the best of life, a family.
 Now, to model a categorical variable, we have two categories, right?
 We call binary data.
 We always use binomial model.
 Binomial, right?
 Okay, but I don't want to say explicitly, right?
 All we need is P.
 When you study binomial model, all we need is P.
 The property that customer make purchase, is that right?
 Does that make sense to you?
 Put your hand up.
 You should wave your hand, right?
 To be honest, I don't care.
 You're welcome.
 That makes sense, okay?
 Go final, y'all.
 So far so good.
 And then I'll save the result into fillet model.
 Fillet model.
 You don't fit the model to data, right?
 To fillet model.
 All right, that needs to stop.
 Select all the code one more time, right?
 Make sure don't miss anything.
 And now, hit the model.
 Wait up.
 My god.
 There's some problem, right?
 Looks fine.
 Everything looks fine, okay?
 And now, let's type, let's do the summary function to get the detail, right?
 Get the question output.
 Model, summary function on fillet model.
 Here we go.
 You got the same thing here?
 Any questions so far?
 You got the same thing?
 Or all the same thing?
 Well, the number can be small, by the way.
 You got the same number?
 Yeah?
 Shouldn't be a problem?
 Well, the number can be small, right, you know?
 Anyway, that's the output.
 We're going to use it to answer all the questions.
 Ready?
 Well, that means copy number, right?
 Any copy of the question table?
 Let me move on.
 Before I move on, I have a quick question for you, right?
 Look at the output.
 Do you look at all the data, right?
 Is that really small?
 Really, really small, right?
 Okay.
 Now, when you fit a big data, when you fit a model with big data, right?
 You know, basically almost no uncertainty.
 It makes sense to you, right?
 So that's why you got a very, basically got a very precise result.
 Very, very precise result.
 The PR becomes really, really big, and the standard error becomes really, really small.
 It makes sense to you.
 That's the power of big data.
 So when you get a big data, inference is not very important.
 We don't perform high-volt test or interval estimation for big data.
 You know it's very precise, right?
 Anyway, let's move on.
 Ready?
 Next question.
 Now, after the model has been fit to the data, okay?
 After the model fit to the data, right?
 The first thing you want to know is how well is the model significantly useful in predicting the probability?
 Is the model useful?
 That's the question, right?
 After the model fit to the data, you want to know whether the model is useful or not.
 What about useful?
 Useful in predicting the probability, okay?
 How do you know the model is useful?
 The model is useful.
 Now, in this case, we have more than one predictor, right?
 The model is useful in predicting the probability if at least one of the predictors.
 Either market spending or number of months is related to the probability.
 Either one.
 You don't have to go, but either one is a good enough, okay?
 Let me say it for you.
 So the model is significantly useful in predicting the probability, okay?
 If at least one of the predictors, either marketing, spending, or number of months, okay?
 is related to the probability, to the purchase probability.
 Okay.
 Alright, so based on this, let's say the hypothesis.
 Are you ready?
 Now let me start from the alternative hypothesis.
 Because it's simple.
 You can just grab it from a question of interest.
 So the alternative hypothesis is this.
 If at least one of the predictors, either marketing, spending, or number of months, is related to the purchase probability.
 Right, that's a question of interest, right? That's your claim.
 Alright, let's get back to the no hypothesis.
 Alright, what is the opposite?
 Now, the no hypothesis is the opposite of the alternative, right?
 Now, if the alternative hypothesis at least one of the predictors is related to the purchase probability, what should be the no hypothesis?
 What should be the no hypothesis?
 What's the opposite of at least one?
 None.
 None, nothing, right?
 No predictor, right?
 Well, all predictors are not related. Does that make sense to you?
 The no set or predictor are not related to the purchase probability.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Now, this is just a statement, right?
 Now, we need to determine the model if all predictors are not related to the purchase probability.
 Now, what's our model?
 It's a lot odd, right?
 Equals to A plus B for spending, prime spending, right?
 Plus B for a month times the number of months, right?
 So what's the good? That's the model, right?
 Now, if spending and number of months are not related to the purchase probability, you have to make this one go away, right?
 How to do that?
 All the coefficients except for that, right, become zero. Does that make sense to you?
 So what's the good, right?
 So that implies the regression coefficient for market as for spending and the coefficient for month above zero.
 The model is simply become the law of P over one minus P equals to a constant A, right?
 Does that make sense to you?
 So far, so good.
 Alright, under the eternity hypothesis, at least one of the predictors is related to the purchase probability.
 That means at least one of the coefficients is not zero, is that right?
 Maybe this one is zero, but this one is not zero.
 Or the other way around, right, you know, many possibilities.
 So at least one of the coefficients is not zero. Does that make sense to you?
 The regression coefficient for spending, okay, not zero, or by either one, right?
 Alright, so you don't want the law of zero, right?
 And the model must contain these two coefficients, okay?
 I don't want to say explicitly, right?
 So far, so good.
 Alright, now we have to test the hypothesis. How to do that?
 Now first, we assume the null hypothesis is true, right?
 In the next second, we have to find evidence against the null hypothesis.
 Okay, the evidence is given by P value.
 Smaller P value, stronger evidence against the null hypothesis, right?
 Okay, to get the P value from theta, we get that thing called test statistic.
 So in these, we get two numbers. Test statistic and P value, right?
 How to get this? We have to use the likelihood ratio test.
 So next, calculate the test statistic and P value using the likelihood ratio test called LRT.
 L stands for likelihood, R stands for ratio, and T for test.
 The whole idea is, first we calculate the ratio of two likelihoods.
 And the likelihood under the null hypothesis, and the maximum likelihood under the alternative.
 So far, so good.
 First, we get the maximum likelihood under the alternative, which is the set of values.
 Now, to fit the logistic regression model, we need to know the estimate of A, B, right?
 The method to estimate A, B, right, is to use the maximum likelihood estimation, is that correct or not?
 It's the value of A and B that maximize the probability of producing our data, is that correct or not?
 Maximum probability of producing our data, right?
 Now, under the null hypothesis, we believe the coefficient for spanning and number of nulls is zero, is that right?
 Only right to intercept.
 Based on this, we use, again, likelihood estimation method to get the estimate of A.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Now, although it doesn't give the maximum likelihood, that should be close enough if the null is true, is that right?
 You don't get that, okay?
 Or I can say, right, if the null model, if the logistic regression model under null hypothesis fits as good as the alternative model.
 Let me see again, okay?
 So here, the logistic regression model under the null profile as well as near, as good as well.
 As good as fit to the logistic model, logistic regression model under the alternative.
 Then, the likelihood ratio should be close to one, does that make sense to you?
 Right? If the logistic regression model under null profiles as good as, should be as well as by anybody, is that as well as?
 That's a very hard problem, right?
 Obviously, as well as.
 As good as fit to the logistic model under alternative, right?
 The two likelihoods should be similar, is that correct or not?
 That means the likelihood ratio should be somewhat close to one, is that right?
 Otherwise, otherwise, yeah, the logistic regression model under the null hypothesis
 profile a much poor or fit to the data, to the data by the way.
 Fit compared to the data, compared to the logistic regression model under the alternative, right?
 Then, the likelihood ratio should be much less than one or close to zero, does that make sense to you?
 To decide whether the likelihood ratio is closer to one or much less than one, we can convert
 the likelihood ratio to a chi-square statistic, and get the V value from the chi-square statistic.
 So how?
 So, the chi-square statistic, I call D or D internet, right?
 Or I call G-square too, right?
 Actually, the thing is almost similar, doesn't make any difference, right?
 It's negative two times log of the ratio, that's it, okay?
 And these quantities, the chi-square statistic, the chi-square statistic, D, right?
 Follow our chi-square distribution, the chi-square distribution, what the degree of freedom?
 Different by what?
 Do you make a guess?
 Now, in this case, right, we're testing two coefficients simultaneously, right?
 Therefore, the chi-square statistic, follow the chi-square distribution with the degree of freedom of two, okay?
 Which is the number of coefficients being tested.
 So, what's the good?
 Does that make sense?
 So, there are two steps, right?
 First of all, get the likelihood ratio, okay?
 Actually, this is not the first step, right?
 First, you have to fit the model to the data with each step, okay?
 Is that clear enough?
 Yep, and then, get the likelihood ratio, convert to chi-square statistic, again, get a DRU.
 Does that make sense to you?
 So, here's the step, right, okay?
 Can I move on?
 So, do the right-side one.
 Fit the logistic model with the index step only to the data.
 And get the likelihood value, right?
 Last two, calculate the likelihood ratio.
 Three, convert the likelihood ratio to chi-square statistic, and get the DRU.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Now, we have to do step one in R, and step two, step three in R2, alright?
 First, you have to fit the model to the data, right, with each step only.
 You get the null model, right, and then get the likelihood ratio,
 and then you get a chi-square statistic and DRU.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Any questions so far?
 If no questions, we're going to move on.
 I should do the work, right? No more BS.
 I'm going to do coffee first, okay?
 I need to go first after, okay?
 I'm wondering what's going on.
 Alright, may we move on?
 May we move on?
 All good?
 Alright, so let's do it now.
 Right now, fit the logistic regression model under the null hypothesis,
 which is the one with intercept only.
 Alright, so fit the model with no intercept.
 I'm sorry, no intercept only, okay?
 Intercept only.
 Equal to GLM.
 Now, how to fit the model with intercept only?
 Remember?
 Intercept represented by...
 Hey, my model is my favorite figure, right?
 Okay, good.
 So Y to the 1.
 Okay?
 Finally, it's binomial.
 Alright, let me run this null.
 Okay, let's do a little summary.
 Fit model with intercept only.
 There we go. Now see that's the only intercept, right?
 So far, so good.
 No problem, right?
 And now we're going to compare the two models, right?
 Now, we have done step one.
 Now we need to get step two and step three.
 How to do that?
 Now in R, there's a one command to do the two steps.
 It's called ANOVA.
 A-N-O-V-A. Remember that one?
 I'm not sure you learned that in the other class, right?
 It's called ANOVA.
 In this command, we compare the two models, right?
 And give you the ties of this step and the E value.
 I don't quite remember this one, okay.
 Okay, so we check that.
 A-N-O-V-A, ANOVA, right?
 Now we need to enter three inputs.
 All right, so we enter three inputs right first.
 It's the final model.
 I don't know how this is.
 Which is the model with intercept only.
 The other model is, what do you call it?
 Just the final model, right?
 With all the predictor.
 All right, the last input,
 Chi-square, right?
 You want to convert the line of the ratio to Chi-square, right?
 All right, what was the option?
 I don't remember the option, right?
 We did a little check really quick.
 Right here, the test method is Chi-square.
 Chi-square, I think.
 You want the command?
 Okay, here we go.
 Now, this is the end result.
 This is the definite, right?
 It's called definite.
 Which is these numbers here, right?
 That's the two times, bigger two times log of the line of the ratio.
 Is that clear enough?
 Now, these two numbers is negative two times log of the likelihood.
 Or I can say the log of the likelihood.
 So what's so good?
 Does that make sense to you?
 Okay, and here's the EIU of the Chi-square statistic.
 Now, this is pretty small, right?
 2.2 times 10 to the power of negative 16.
 Which means they are 16-0 before 2.2.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Any questions so far?
 Now, I don't waste my time to say the conclusion.
 Any questions so far?
 Did you follow me?
 No problem?
 Now, on the midterm, I'm going to ask you to interpret the output, right?
 Which one is the log of the likelihood?
 Which one is the definite?
 Which one is the EIU?
 Does that make sense to you?
 May I?
 No.
 Okay, say the EIU.
 It's small, right?
 How small?
 It's 2.2 times 10 to the power of negative 16.
 Really small, right?
 Really small.
 Actually, even small.
 Actually, even lower than this number.
 Even lower, right?
 So clearly, the P-MAR is small.
 Smaller than the submittable level.
 Less than 5%, right?
 We took down our hypothesis.
 At the 5% submittable level,
 for example, data for 5 sufficient evidence,
 to conclude that at least
 one of the predictors,
 either marketing, spending,
 or number of months,
 is related to the purchase property.
 I think I just said that, right?
 When you get a big data like this, right?
 Profile test is not really important.
 The result is so precise, right?
 That means the P-MAR is really, really small.
 Any change, you get a very small P value, right?
 As you can see.
 So you get a big data, right?
 All the P value are really, really small.
 So your focus is to use a lot of prediction.
 Does it make sense to you?
 Alright, I think we take a break,
 and then come back.
 We're going to continue.
 So how's it going?
 Now, in the meantime, you don't need to write a lot.
 Just simply give me the hypothesis,
 test the P value, and conclusion, that's it.
 I give you that much information
 because I need to explain to you, right?
 In the meantime, you don't need to explain to me.
 Give me the hypothesis,
 test the P value, and conclusion.
 So okay, no problem, right?
 Good?
 Good!
 Alright!
 I need you to go to your place.
 I see you don't have it.
 Okay!
 I need you to write this.
 Make sure that no one's found this.
 Okay.
 Oh no, it's all broken.
 This is not the right label.
 It's all broken.
 You need anus 4.
 That's right.
 Anus 4.
 And...
 Anus 4.
 Yeah, no, it's okay.
 Try that one more time.
 Is it good?
 Oh no?
 Oh, it's faster.
 No problem.
 Alright.
 This one's too bad.
 It's too...
 You focus it in yourself.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Lady and Jack, come on.
 Are you ready?
 To move on?
 Or you just want to go, oh hey, I know everything, and go home.
 Yeah, do you want to do it this way?
 Or go home and, you know.
 Sometimes, you know, I got midterm to pick up on Wednesday.
 I think check in for that on Wednesday, you can focus on midterm, see.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 I'm going on holiday.
 You want to do that? Sure problem!
 You want? Yeah?
 I said that already!
 Do you want a quiz?
 Okay, do you want a quiz?
 Okay, I can add a quiz for everyone no problem.
 Okay, he said that. Not me, not me, okay.
 Alright, let's move on.
 Alright, now once we find a model useful in predicting probability, right?
 It's time to do some calculations.
 Estimate the odds of a customer making a purchase.
 The marketing spending for this customer is $4,000.
 And this customer of...
 No X by the way, correct grammar, right?
 No X.
 This customer has been with the company for 12 months.
 Okay?
 Now, let me write down the model first.
 It's a lot of odds, right?
 Even by A plus the coefficient for spending times the amount of spending
 plus the coefficient for month times the number of months, is that right?
 Now, to make any prediction, we have to know the estimate of those two parameters, right?
 Now, let's check that out.
 Now, in R, there's a command called coefficient.
 Okay?
 C-O-E-F.
 It's a shorthand of coefficient.
 If you provide the model, it will get you the coefficient, is that clear enough?
 I mean, you know that from the previous class, right?
 Have you learned that?
 This command, coefficient, C-O-E-F.
 All right?
 Let me apply this function to the model, right?
 The fillet model.
 Here we go.
 Now I've got all the coefficients, right?
 The first one is the intercept is negative 3.95.
 Next one is point C-O, C-O, C-O.
 Is that right?
 Or three?
 Three.
 Three.
 Now, I've got this.
 That whole place, right?
 At point five, I've got the point C-O, six, okay?
 Next one is the coefficient for month is point C-O-five.
 Something like that, right?
 Okay?
 All right.
 Now to make a prediction.
 In this case, right?
 The spending is $4,000.
 That's like $4,000, right?
 And the number one is 12.
 So what's so good?
 So let's do the calculation.
 Now, you can do it manually.
 Because of the midterm, you don't have R review, right?
 You have to do the calculation with your calculator, right?
 Okay?
 I'll give you the output.
 Don't worry.
 I'll give you the output.
 Don't worry, okay?
 So let's do it in 21.
 In R.
 Now, let me define the value of the predictor, right?
 Let's call X naught, okay?
 Now, how do I do the calculation, right?
 It's the intercept plus this number times $4,000 plus this number times 12.
 How do I do that in R?
 Now, even though there's no X value beside constant A, right?
 But you can rewrite as A times one, is that okay?
 Think about A is also a coefficient, right?
 It's A times one.
 So we have a new predictor, right?
 It's a constant.
 It's just one.
 One, 4,012, right?
 So what's so good?
 So let's define our least of number, okay?
 Our least of three number.
 Okay?
 Our least of three number.
 Begin with one, 4,000, and 12.
 Now, I use the C function.
 C stands for collection.
 Collection of three number, okay?
 And save that into X naught, which is the object that contains the least of three number, right?
 So what's so good?
 And now I'm going to do the calculation.
 I take the coefficient from the model times X naught.
 So what's so good?
 Now let's see what we get.
 Now, it did the calculation, right?
 Now, one times the intercept is still negative 3.95, right?
 That's going to change.
 Now, 4,000 times 0.006 gives you a big number, right?
 It's 2.39.
 It does the calculation.
 Now, 12 times 0.0513 is about 60, or 0.6.
 All right, now I'm going to add up together, right?
 Add up together?
 You put your sum, right?
 How does the sum function?
 I got negative 0.94.
 So here is negative 0.94.
 So what's so good?
 The log art of a customer making a purchase is given by negative 0.94.
 So far, so good.
 0.9437 like that, okay?
 All right, now we're going to do some calculation, right?
 Well, we haven't done the calculation yet.
 What we got here is called log art.
 Is that the art you're looking for?
 No, right?
 This is log art.
 How do you get log?
 How do you get art from log art?
 E to power something, right?
 It's good.
 We just have to put it here, okay?
 Now we know, right, the estimate log art is given by negative 0.943, right?
 0.943.
 Therefore, the estimate art is given by E to negative 0.943.
 So far, so good.
 Let's go back to the map and see what we got.
 And the art is given by exponential E to power log art.
 Here we go.
 0.39 is the art, right?
 Okay, question is, how can we interpret the art?
 Not the log art, the art.
 Now, I hope you still remember the definition of art.
 Art is given by the probability of making purchase.
 If I buy the probability of not making purchase.
 So far, so good.
 And this ratio is given by 0.389.
 So far, so good.
 Now, let me run to a little round, okay, do it like that.
 Now, here's a magic here, right?
 If I multiply a sample size, right, any sample size, and have a model, right, what do you get?
 What do you get?
 We get the expected number of a customer making purchase.
 Now, on the denominator, we get the expected number of a customer not making purchase.
 So far, so good.
 And what's the ratio of these expected numbers?
 It's 0.39, right?
 You can think of 0.39 as 0.39 over 1.
 Does this make sense to you?
 Any questions so far?
 Interpret the art by completing the following.
 For every one customer who makes a purchase,
 Okay, now, this is the tricky part, right?
 Okay, we expect how many customers who do not make a purchase?
 Oh, this is really off-ended, okay.
 Is that 0.38?
 Be careful.
 Is that 0.38?
 Is this another 0.38?
 For every one customer who makes a purchase,
 We expect how many customers who do not make a purchase?
 Now, this ratio, okay, look at this ratio, right,
 is the number of customers who make a purchase
 over the expected number of customers who do not make a purchase, is that right?
 The ratio is 0.389 over 1.
 So for every one customer who don't make a purchase,
 we expect 0.389 customer to make a purchase, particularly not.
 But look at my interpretation.
 I don't want this.
 For every one customer who makes a purchase,
 how many do not make it?
 Now, let's do a check here, right?
 Now, I want one on the top, okay, I want one on the top, right?
 For every one customer who makes a purchase,
 how many do not make a purchase?
 Now, let's do a check here.
 Let's define, close my right one by the way.
 You see my right one?
 Now, you want to define 0.9 on the top, right?
 And then define 0.389 at the bottom, what do you get?
 I have another ratio,
 which is 1 over, the top is 1, right?
 This is 1, is that right?
 And what is 1 over 0.39?
 Say again?
 Good.
 It's 2.538, right?
 So that means for every one customer who make a purchase,
 we expect 2.568 do not make it.
 Is that clear enough?
 Now, make sure you don't put a check here, okay?
 You have to be careful.
 Expand.
 2.568 customer.
 Don't make a purchase, okay?
 I'll get 2.568.
 It's 1 over 0.389.
 That was so good.
 Does that make any sense to you?
 You know what I'm feeling a little too bad, right?
 For every one customer who make a purchase,
 2.568 do not make a purchase, right?
 I want to say that there are four customers here, right?
 You have one who make a purchase,
 you have three who don't make it.
 It's like only 4 to 1, right?
 It's pretty good.
 It's not too bad, right?
 Any questions so far?
 Does that make sense to you?
 Is it hard?
 No comments?
 We'll do that after the break.
 Okay.
 I'll make sure you have to say that, right?
 Those customers have a common feature, right?
 We're going to expand.
 It's not a big one.
 All right.
 The amount of money I'm spending for those customers is $4,000.
 And the customer has been with the company over 12 months.
 That's the condition of the customer, right?
 All right.
 The old customer has been with the company 12 months,
 and we spent $4,000 on the customer.
 Well, that's a lot, man, you know.
 Any questions so far?
 Anyone?
 It's okay, just wait for them, okay?
 I don't want you to try my laptop first.
 You can ask me if you want.
 It's okay, it's okay.
 Let them talk, all right?
 Let them talk to me in the laptop first.
 Finish talking?
 May I talk?
 Okay, no problem.
 All right, next question.
 Estimate the probability of purchasing for a customer under foreign criteria.
 The marketing spending for this customer is $4,000,
 and this customer has been with the company 12 months.
 Next criteria, the marketing spending for this customer is $4,001.
 $4,001, $1.10.
 And the customer has been with the company for 12 months.
 Next criteria, next scenario.
 The marketing spending for this customer is $4,000 again,
 but the customer has been with the company for 13 months.
 13, one extra month.
 All right, so let's do the calculation of what estimate the probability.
 So, is it good?
 Okay.
 But let's start with the first case.
 Because in the first case, we have calculated the odd, right?
 The odd, right?
 Now, next I want to calculate is the probability.
 How can you get the odds?
 How can you get the probability from odds?
 Remember?
 Now, you have to know about the adjusting model, okay?
 Now, you want to get an odd from log odd, right?
 Remember to calculate E to the power of log odd, is that right?
 So, what's the good?
 Now, you want to calculate the odd from the probability.
 How do you get it?
 You have to take E to the log, take the odd, right?
 Here, right?
 Over one plus odd.
 Or I can say, right?
 Or E to the power of log odd.
 Over one plus E to the power of log odd.
 So, what's the good?
 You know the identity?
 We derived before, right?
 Do you think we can cover?
 Okay, this will be cover, okay?
 Now, we start from the log of E over one plus E, right?
 It's a linear term, right?
 Let me call set for a moment, okay?
 Easy to derive, right?
 Set is given by A plus B times X for a moment, okay?
 Now, this is called log odd.
 It's given by set, right, which is A plus B times X.
 So, what's the good?
 So, we get the odd, right?
 We have to take the exponent E to the power of log odd,
 which is E to A plus BX.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Does that make sense to you?
 So, what's the good?
 Now, we get from odd to probability, right?
 P is given by odd over one plus odd,
 and this is equivalent to E to A plus BX, right here, right?
 Odd E to A plus BX, right?
 Over one plus E to A plus BX.
 Does that make sense to you?
 So, see, we're speaking, right?
 You can have an odd, right?
 You can just calculate the P by this transformation.
 Does that make sense to you?
 Do you follow?
 Yes or no?
 Okay.
 In this case, we always have an odd.
 So, I can calculate P based on odd over one plus odd.
 Does that make sense to you?
 So, P property, right?
 It's given by odd over one plus odd, right?
 Does that make sense to you?
 I didn't put a subscript here, right?
 I put a first one, okay?
 We're going for the first scenario.
 It's 0.28, 02668.
 At the same time, I'm going to make a table
 to record all the numbers, right?
 We're going to use that later.
 So, in the spanning, it's 4,000.
 The number of month is 12, right?
 The art is given by...
 That was odd again.
 0.389.
 And the property P is given by...
 0.28, 0.28, 0, 2...
 All right, on the next criteria.
 Now, the span is 4,001, still 12 month.
 Let's get the odd and the property.
 All right, let's get back to the same code, right?
 But this time, right?
 The spanning is not 4,000.
 It's 4,001, right?
 So, let's change it to 4,001.
 And then we repeat the same code.
 Do you follow me?
 Or is it 0.3 still?
 Does that make a difference?
 Let me double check, okay?
 Wait, let me just double check on the code, right?
 0.8, 9, 4, 0, 6, 5.
 I think that was too small, right?
 Does that make any change?
 9, 4, 9, 6.
 9, 4, 0, 6, 5, right?
 And the property is...
 0.28.
 All right, next one, 4,001.
 I'm looking at a different one, right?
 4,001, okay, looks good to me.
 Let's check out.
 So, pick one.
 What odd?
 Okay, that doesn't make a big difference.
 That doesn't change, right?
 0.39, 6, 3, 9, 4.
 Make some change here, okay?
 What's the property?
 0.02A, 0.03AAA.
 All right, got the last case.
 This time, the span is still 4,000.
 And the month, 13th.
 We'll go through the math.
 Let's do a calculation.
 The odd is 0.49.
 0.49, 0.099, 0.175.
 And the corresponding property is...
 0.29, 0.07.
 Okay, good.
 So far, so good.
 All right, now, keep this number, right?
 We're going to use it for the next part.
 So far, so good?
 Hopefully not too bad, right?
 I can do it manually by hand.
 It's no problem, right?
 All right, interpret the coefficient associated with the market spending in terms of log art and art ratio.
 Recall the model.
 The log art of a customer making a purchase given by A plus B, the coefficient for spending, time, the spending amount, plus the coefficient for month times the number of month.
 So far, so good.
 Right?
 The log art, right?
 Given by A plus B over the last B, right?
 All right.
 Now, let's say we spend...
 That's the amount we're spending for a customer is some amount of money, right?
 Let's say 4,000, right?
 Just pick a number, okay?
 You can make any number you like.
 5,000, 6,000, I don't care, right?
 Okay, so the log art and the month, right, is 12.
 It doesn't matter what number you pay.
 I don't care, okay?
 It's not going to make a difference.
 So the log art becomes A plus the coefficient of spending, time, the number of 4,000, right?
 Plus the month, the coefficient for month times 12.
 So far, so good.
 Any questions so far?
 Now, I'm going to subscript one for a moment, okay?
 This one for the first scenario.
 Is that clear?
 All right.
 Now, let's try the other scenario, which is...
 In the second scenario, the spending is 4,000 and 1, is that right?
 You can say it's 4,000 plus 1.
 Here, we have 4,000 plus 1, right?
 Does it make sense to you?
 And the month, we made unchanged.
 The number of month, we made unchanged is 12, right?
 So the log art in this case, right?
 For the second scenario is A plus the coefficient of spending times 4,000 plus 1.
 Does it make sense to you?
 And then plus the coefficient for month times the number of month.
 Times 12, right?
 All right, now do a math here.
 Here's what I want to do.
 I want to subtract the equation.
 Okay, subtract the equation, right?
 Can you raise it?
 Yeah, can you raise it?
 Now, I want to take a second one minus the first one.
 Does it make sense to you?
 All right, I want to take a different one, right?
 Now, if I do that, first of all, right?
 The constant term goes away, is that right?
 What else goes away?
 The term with the month also goes away because they're the same, right?
 The number of month, we make unchanged.
 And here is the thing I want to deal with, right?
 Now, let me expand this term.
 This is given by the coefficient for spending times 4,000, right?
 And then plus the coefficient for spending one more time.
 But that's it, that's all, right?
 Now, even subtract this equation, right?
 This term also cancel, right?
 This also cancel.
 Lock with this term.
 So what's the good?
 This is the coefficient we're looking for, right?
 We want to come up with this one, right?
 So what's the good?
 So this is the change in the art ratio, right?
 This is the change in the law of art.
 Does it make sense to you?
 Any questions so far?
 Are you good with the algebra here?
 I don't need to know the algebra.
 I just need to know the interpretation, okay?
 May I move on?
 Okay, may I move on?
 Therefore, we interpret the coefficient for spending as the change in the law of art, right?
 So here's the full interpretation.
 May I get back to the PowerPoint?
 Can I get back to the screen?
 Okay, for every $1 increase,
 Now, if you're spending, increase from $4,000 to $4,001.
 Just $1 increase, right?
 Spending, right?
 We expect or we escalate whatsoever, right?
 Same amount of time, right?
 Okay, we expect what?
 The change, okay?
 We expect the law of art change, is that right?
 Now, we move on the side of this coefficient, right?
 Now, recall, we estimate the coefficient for spending
 to be 0.000597, is that right?
 Alright?
 These numbers are positive.
 It's positive.
 Therefore,
 So, we expect, right?
 The law of art of a customer making a purchase increase, is positive, right?
 By how much?
 By 0.000, let's run to 6 for a moment, okay?
 I just run to 0.0006, so far so good.
 Does this make sense to you?
 It's the estimate of the coefficient for spending.
 Is that fine?
 Is that complete?
 Is this complete?
 Is that right in confrontation?
 Is this right in confrontation?
 Is this the right in confrontation?
 If yes, say yes.
 If no, tell me why.
 Is this the right in confrontation?
 You sure?
 Now, give this our free mark.
 If you say yes, you're going to get two marks.
 What did I miss?
 I don't know the estimate, but what did I miss?
 That's the important part.
 How many predictors are there?
 Two.
 Two.
 What about the other one?
 Must be static or constant.
 Exactly, you're right.
 We flex the number of months, right?
 We do not vary the number of months, is that right?
 In this case, right?
 The number of months the customer has been with the company is always 12, is that right?
 I did not make any change.
 Is it clear or not?
 So I need to say one more thing.
 Given the number of months a customer has been with the company,
 what do you mean unchanged?
 Does it make sense to you?
 You guys have a big term in 4010, is that right?
 On Wednesday, is that right?
 4010, is that right?
 You have to do that.
 You have to interpret the regression coefficient.
 If you have more than one predictor, you have to fix the other.
 Only vary one coefficient at a time, is that right?
 You do that on Wednesday, I'm pretty sure.
 Good.
 All right, we're not done yet.
 Now in terms of the art ratio, right?
 How to go from law art to art?
 E to power something, right?
 So same interpretation, except one more thing.
 For every $1 increase in the marketing spending,
 we expect the law art.
 Now law art, don't say law art, right?
 It's the art.
 The art of a customer making a purchase increased by 0.006, is that right?
 You have to take E to something, right?
 Remember, you go from art to law art, right?
 Law art to art, then to E to something, is that right?
 Okay, that's one way.
 Let me do a calculation with you, correct?
 So E to the coefficient.
 It's 1.00059, which is about 1.0006, right?
 So it's good?
 All right.
 Is that correct?
 You think it's good, right?
 You think it's right or wrong?
 Right?
 Okay, I did change from law art to art, right?
 Okay.
 My question, is it right?
 Yeah?
 Almost?
 Now let's double check, right, you know?
 Now, we call, right, the coefficient is positive, is that right?
 E to positive number is always greater than 1, right?
 So that means the art increased by a factor of, is that right?
 Not the actual number.
 This is what I was going to say, right?
 Now you have to say by a factor of something.
 That's a multiple of number, right?
 This is what I'm saying.
 We look at the art ratio, right?
 It's a ratio of two numbers, right?
 The art, you look at increased by a factor, not by adding a constant.
 This is what I'm saying.
 So that's not perfectly right.
 You have to say increased by a factor of.
 So increased by a factor of 1.0006, right?
 By a factor of 1, right?
 1.0006.
 Basically almost no change, but you see, right?
 The change is very slightly.
 It does make a big difference, right?
 You look at the result, right?
 The art doesn't make a big change, but it does make a change.
 Look at the last four digits, right?
 Go from 4.0006 to 6.394.
 The change is not obvious, but it does change.
 Is that clear or not?
 But by what?
 By a factor of 1.0006.
 Not the number at that constant, right?
 You have to be specified.
 Is that clear or not?
 Or you can say increased by 0.0006%.
 Now, I let you think about why it's 0.06%.
 0.06%, you're right.
 I let you think about why.
 Why increased by 0.06%?
 You can say the art of making a purchase increased by a factor of 1.0006.
 I mean, there's no problem, right?
 Or I can say increased by 0.06%.
 I let you think about why it's 0.06%.
 I let you think about that, okay?
 Okay, it's been there last time, right?
 Remember, the change, the percent change of increase, right?
 It's given by the new quantity,
 minus the old quantity over the old quantity times the new percent, right?
 Think about this expression.
 Okay, now I think that's it for today's class.
 We don't have time, right?
 Okay, so I want you guys to interpret the other coefficient from the same manner, right?
 Now, the assignment, remember assignment three, right?
 Now, we did a couple of questions in the class.
 I think now you're okay, right?
 Okay, thank you.
